.TH PIHELPER 1 2020-01-10 "PiHelper 0.1.0"
.SH NAME
pihelper \- enable, disable, or view the status of a Pi-hole
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pihelper [
.I options
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pihelper is a command-line utility used to enable, disable, or view the status of a given Pi-hole. It supports using alternative configuration files in order to manage multiple Pi-holes.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-c, --configure"
.RS
Create (or replace) the pihelper configuration.
.RE
.IP "-d, --disable <seconds>"
.RS
Disable the Pi-hole for a given number of seconds.
.br
.br
If no argument is passed, disable the Pi-hole permanently.
.RE
.IP "-e, --enable"
.RS
Enable the Pi-hole.
.RE
.IP "-f, --file <file>"
.RS
Use the given configuration file.
.RE
.IP "-h, --help"
.RS
Display the help message.
.RE
.IP "-q, --quiet"
.RS
Suppress all output.
.RE
.IP "-v, --verbose"
.RS
Print additional output.
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
The exit status for
.B pihelper
is dependent upon the status of the Pi-hole.
.IP \-1
.B pihelper
was unable to connect to the Pi-hole.
.IP 0
The Pi-hole is enabled
.IP 1
The Pi-hole is disabled.
.SH FILES
.IP ~/.config/pihelper.conf
The default configuration file.
.SH EXAMPLES
Print the status of the Pi-hole:
.PP
.RS
pihelper
.RE
.PP
Enable the Pi-hole:
.PP
.RS
pihelper -e
.RE
.PP
Disable the Pi-hole permanently:
.PP
.RS
pihelper -d
.RE
.PP
Disable the Pi-hole for 5 minutes:
.PP
.RS
pihelper -d300
.SH AUTHOR
Originally written by William Brawner <me@wbrawner.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2019-2020 William Brawner
.PP
PiHelper is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
